2016-10-13 09:00 Souls Never Die.
My @abu passed away today. This morning. She was alone.
Her heart was racing and she couldn't get any air. I wonder how scared she was,
if at all. She called a nurse to help. They tried to do CPR on her, but they
couldn't save her. It hurts me to think she was frightened. No one expected it
because she was doing better.

I got a call in the morning from Javaneh, my cousin. It's like I knew what she
was going to say. She never really calls me and it was an odd time to call as
well. She asked if I had heard about Abu from my @mom. I said no. She said to
call my mom and then tell @alex and @danny. My heart started racing. I told
@torrie that I think my grandma passed away. We went to my house to be with my
mom. She wasn't home though. Danny was just waking up. I had two missed calls
from Alex...and after I tried calling him back I called my mom. My mom
confirmed what had happened to my grandma. My mom's voice started to break. I
told her I was sorry and where was she. She said she was with my @abuelito at
the care home center. She needed us to pick up her van so the plan was that
Alex and @nikki were gonna take Danny to drive the van over from Oakley School.

Torrie, @minnie, and I when to the care home center where my mom and @uncleglen
were keeping my grandpa company. It was very sad seeing my family in pain.

I went up to my grandpa. He said, "She left. Oh well"...I responded, "Yea, she
did." I asked him what he was feeling or what he thought. He responded, "I
don't believe it". :(

Later on...I was sitting with my grandpa. He started to talk to me. Only
Torrie, Nikki, and Alex were around. My grandpa started to speak so I got near
him. He said, "What am I going to do know? I am without my wife." He said he
lost everything. His eyes stared right at me. I saw the pain. Oh my grandpa, my
grandma. We miss her. I didn't know what to say, and we just looked at each
other...then he grabs my goatee and says "My precious grandson." Torrie teared
up. I asked him...what are you thinking? He said "I'm just trying to figure out
what I am going to do now? What do you advice I do" I replied, "Just continue..."
It was the first thing that came to my mind. Where he responded, "Continue, for
what?" I said c'mon grandpa. "You have us, your family, we have each other still".
He said, "I lost everything", I replied, "No." and asks, "No?"...at that point I
look down wondering if I said the right thing relative to what he was feeling.

Later we were sitting in the sun. Torrie reminded me of what I told her about
her dad when he passed away. That people transform. I began to think that I
should say something to my grandpan just in case no one else did. So I switched
to another chair and sat right in front of him looking at him. Torrie and
Minnie was to my left and Alex to my right. My grandpa looks at me and says how
much he appreciates we are there with him right now. I held his hand.
I began to tell my grandpa. "Do you know what I believe?" He looks up to me and
asks what is that? "I believe when a person passes, when I person dies, their
spirit lives on. The spirit of a person never dies, it cannot be destroyed.
People transform after death. You know how my grandma loved to plant in the garden.
Think of it like this, whenever you feel the breeze, it is her breathing.
When you feel the warmth of the sun, it is her hugging you. When you hear the
trees and leaves rustling, think of it as her speaking to you.
She has transformed, but her spirit lives on."

My grandpa nodded at closed his eyes, and we were quiet for a while.

2016-10-13 23:30 A Letter to my Abu.
Hey @abu, I miss you a lot. I'm sorry I
didn't spend more time with you these last few years. There could have been
many times where I could have stopped by the care home center and just dropped
off a few tacos or said hi; but I was lazy or didn't make the time. I regret
that so much now. When you first got into the care home center I thought I
would paint there more often with you, now I will never be able to do that.
What the hell is wrong with me? You had a pizza ready hot when I got home from
school in second grade almost everyday, whenever I was hungry you would give me
food. You would walk us to McDonald's when we were young. You would let us stay
in your bed and watch tv with you, even sometimes let us sleep on your bed. You
were the best grandma ever. I'm sorry if I ever made you feel bad or didn't
give you time to take you to the store or anything. I hope you know that I
always loved you, grandma. Thank you for all the gifts you would get us. Every
year you would make everyone something creative out of yarn. You were so good
and so creative. Thank you for the penguin you got me that looks like Elvis, it
is funny. Thank you for the purple elephant bank that you gave me. It's so
cute. I inherited a love for elephants like you.

What are we to do now? Now that you are gone? We want you back, grandma. We
want you back.

What can I do to honor your memory? So you will be remembered?

Eggs and ketchup. ha...I got burnt out on those, but I appreciate them. Oh my
gosh...the gorditas you would make were amazing.

I hope you feel like you were loved by all of us. You had the greatest heart of
a loving grandma I ever knew.

What were you thinking laying in bed for all those months? I know you wanted to
come home. I hope your kids kept you company as often as possible.

Love you Abu. I will write you another letter soon.

2016-10-14 00:00 Media Temple to DigitalOcean.
I need to transfer all these sites from
one server to another. I have been trying to do this for the last 6 months. I
have been over paying for server space all this time. What a fool I am. And now
with everything that happened with my @abu it is getting difficult for me to
focus. I'm also getting sleepy. I need strength. God will give me strength.

2016-10-14 01:00 Memento Mori.
Remember death. My girlfriend @torrie says that my @abu
is now in a place where she feels no pain. She was in pain here on Earth in the
last few months especially. But now her spirit lives on and she can be with all
of us now at the same time. We need to absorb that pain now that she is gone,
because she was in pain when she was here. We need to absorb it so she does not
have to feel it anymore. God said it was time for her to come home with Jesus
in heaven. She is in a place where she is happy, full of joy, and feels no
pain. She is watching us from Heaven right now, praying for us. Waiting for us.

We really are not immortal. 30 years of my life. I knew people died. I knew
people who had loved ones die. But I did not have a loved one die that was so
close to me. My grandma is the first closest loved one that has passed. She is
gone. No reset button. I won't be able to talk to her. That is it. It's like
turning off physical communication and it just cannot be turned on, ever again.

That's why we need to talk as much as possible with everyone whenever possible.
Use your words and time wisely. If you say something, make sure it adds value
to those you say it to. Don't waste people's time and don't put people down.
Leave them in a better place than when you left them. If you are gonna say
something that is mean, negative, garbage, or not nice, then just don't say
anything at all.

2016-10-14 09:00 Make Websites.
I will make a living making websites and web applications
by the end of 2016. I will not need the barbershop. I will have a career as a
web developer. This is my @goal and dream that I will achieve.

2016-10-16 09:00 Time Well Spent.

It's been a couple days now since my grandma passed away. The family is all
coping with it in their own way. Subtle support, a vibe of personal guilt from
everyone. I know I feel really bad for not being around more. I hope @abu is
not mad at me.

Her physical life is over. I wonder if she was happy with her life. If she
lived it the way she wanted to. Was more of her days happy? She was married,
had 5 kids and 7 grandchildren.

Evertime I saw her she had a smile on her face. She was always really happy to
see everyone. I beleive she was really blessed with good children that loved
her. They never gave her huge stress. They helped her around the house, helped
run errands, and she always helped them too.

The best one in our family left us.

What should we have learned from her? What could we do to honor her memory?

I know we must support and love each other.

2016-10-16 23:37 Art of Reason.

I want to be really intelligent. I want to be really confident in myself. I
don't want to be a snob or a jerk, but I want to feel really good about my
reasoning and thought process.

I want to be able to be in a room full of people, like at the barbershop, and
just enlightened everyone and give great insight even in just a few words. I
want to be a minimalist as well in my speech, using few and only necessary
words to get my point across. I do not want to overspeak, say more than
necessary and sound unsure when I am trying to get my point across.

The fewer, simpler words I could use to get my point across the better. I want
to sound as if I know who I am and where I stand in my beliefs. Just just sound
like it, but be it.

I also want to be really witty. I want to master sarcasm and use it to make
people laugh, and if necessary, as a form of defense. I want to make people
laugh but also teach people things.

I want to inspire and create.

I want to build and preserve.

I want to love life and take care of my loved ones.

I feel having better reasoning, language, confidence will help me in obtaining
that.

2016-10-17 00:25 food

2016-10-17 01:14 work

2016-10-17 09:00 How often should one journal?

I remember being in 2nd, 3rd, or 4th grade, I had a blue and black book with
grid paper. I decided it was going to be my journal. I started to write in it.
I think I showed it to my parents to share that I had started to write a
journal. I forget which one said it, but they said that girls keep a diary or I
shouldn't do it. I was really confused. I didn't see anything wrong with it.
But I did feel bad, so I don't think I continued to journal. I and I have
struggled to keep a journal all these years. Even now, I am just starting to
journal and I really hope I stick with it. I want to improve my reasoning,
memory, and remove mind clutter which I have much of.

I think I will create different journals for different reasons.

- Memoir.
  I want to create a story of my life in chronological order. No real message,
  just events that happened in order.

- Dreams.
  I would like to create a journal full of dreams that I had. I have had some
  weird ones.

- Philosophy.
  I want to record my thoughts and beliefs on issues like politics, religion,
  etiquette, how I feel people should be compared to how they are. Topics like
  love, war, and the like.

- Food.
  I do want to create a list of recipes that I can share with people or use
  over the years!

2016-10-17 16:51 l
